All characters and events in this series are fictional
and created solely for entertainment purposes.
Viewer discretion is advised.
Hello, Hello everyone.
Hello.
Hi, Sun. I’m Peach. I’ll be today’s photographer.
Since when did you get to know that Khun Peach?
And what about this lipstick?
I already told you. I’ve never met her before.
Why are you doing this, P’Flint?
Why are you suddenly so involved in everything about Sun?
I made you feel like what?
When we were in the scene together… even the crew were blushing.
I think once it’s on air, the buzz will be really good.
Did you get to perform the way we practiced together?
Like how?
I’m asking, did you perform it the way we practiced together?
Nong Sun!
Let’s save it for later. I’ll teach you then.
Because if it goes any further…
I don’t think Sun will need it anymore.
Excuse me.
Why did you do that, P’Flint?
What did I do?
It's just that you...
Are you upset?
I don’t think it wasn't that bad.
Or was it still not as good as the man you kissed in that scene earlier?
You don’t have to believe what I say, P'Flint.
But I want you to know that…
I’m human too.
I have feelings.
I’m not an object that you can do whatever you want to.
I used to think
that you would be different from everyone else.
I guess I was wrong.
What do we do? She’s not picking up at all.
And my car keys are in the bag inside Sun’s car.
Luckily, that you give me a ride.
P'Flint isn’t answering her phone either.
And I have a meeting with a client today.
Why would your sister have to do that?
Luckily, Nop was the only one who saw it.
Otherwise, I’d be busy clearing up rumors for sure.
I’m sorry on behalf of my sister.
I don’t know why she would do something like that either.
It's okay.
She just texted me. she said Sun is already at her condo.
I should go check on Sun first.
Sure.
Hello, Khun Mooham.
Hello.
And...what about Sun?
Hey, how did you get here?
I should be the one asking you, Khun Fey, how you got here.
Or is this just another one of your very obvious flirting tricks, Khun Fey?
Hey!
Uh… actually, Khun Peach asked Sun to meet today to talk about a photoshoot.
But I really have to apologize to you, Khun Peach.
There was a small accident on set.
That’s why Khun Fey had to come instead of Sun today.
Photoshoot?
Yes.
What kind of photoshoot is it?
This concept is called We With Memory, or The Colors of Memory.
It’s a blend of contemporary Thai fashion with vintage locations
to reflect the changing dynamics of Thai society
through images that tell a story from the past to the present within a single frame.
The images will convey the enduring essence of Thai identity.
While new ideas, courage, and fresh energy are woven in beautifully.
That sounds really interesting.
I believe Sun would definitely accept this project.
I think we shouldn’t rush to any conclusions yet.
We should review the details carefully before taking on the project.
Sun’s safety should be our top priority.
I think it’d be better if you go back and put together the work details
and a new contract first, Khun Peach.
Then we can discuss it again.
I’m saying this from a business perspective.
Because working without clear documentation…
It doesn’t really look very professional.
I’m sorry for being so direct.
Khun Fey.
I’ve already sent all the documents to Khun Mooham’s email,
in her capacity as the manager.
However, if you would also like a copy in your capacity as Sun’s friend,
I can send them to you as well.
Then… once the documents have been reviewed,
Let’s arrange another meeting to talk it over, Khun Mooham.
Actually, I’d prefer to talk to Sun directly.
Alright. I’ll arrange the meeting for you.
Why haven't you come back yet?
I’m actually getting hungry.
But there’s nothing to eat in your fridge.
So I bought some for you.
Thank you.
Alright… please make yourself comfortable.
Hold on...
You’re not hungry?
No.
I don’t usually eat late at night.
That’s okay. I don’t like eating alone.
I’ll clean it up.
Where did you get the tea from?
From the cupboard.
You actually remember that I like chamomile tea.
I just bought this box recently.
It’s not the box I used when I made tea for you before.
Your bite... It kinda hurts.
Then why did you kiss me like that in the first place?
Kiss...
You call that a kiss?
This…
this is a kiss.
I’m getting tired.
I’ll excuse myself and go to bed.
Wait, Sun.
I…
What’s going on here?
Why aren't you guys answering the phone?
Do you have any idea how worried me and P’Mooham were?
I left my phone charging in the room.
I was cooking, so I didn’t hear it.
Is something wrong?
You asked me if something was wrong.
While P’Flint was just standing there, casually cooking?
But I had to confront that psycho photographer.
What do you mean?
I took P’Mooham to meet that Peach to talk about work today.
I heard she said you have a project with her, Sun?
At first, I was planning to tell you after you finished filming
that the meeting tonight is about Peach’s project.
But something came up first.
But usually, before P’Mooham agrees to take on any work…
Aren’t you supposed to tell me first, P’Mooham?
Why did you accept it this time without telling me at all?
It was Khun Peach. She reached out through the channel herself.
So how am I supposed to say no to the channel?
I understand now.
As for what happened today…
Let me explain it to you again, P’ Mooham.
Okay, Sun.
Khun Peach contacted the channel directly.
So P’ Mooham couldn’t turn them down.
No matter what, I’ll have to work with her on this.
But you haven’t signed anything with her yet.
That means you still have the option not to take this job, right?
At the end of the day, if you really don’t accept it…
That Khun Peach or whatever. She can probably find someone else to shoot with.
You don’t need to go meet her.
Do you want me to get sued by the channel, Fey?
If you can’t turn it down yourself…
Just make her choose someone else.
And that's it.
P'Flint.
I have something to talk to you.
What is it, Fey? I have an early flight tomorrow.
You didn’t seem to care about your flight when you were in the room earlier.
I just want to know that everything you did…
What do you really want?
What did I do?
That you were using me as an excuse and staying over at Sun’s condo all night?
Have the team from the company start meeting at the still photography studio.
Sending people to interfere with Sun’s drama shoot.
And on top of that, you kissed Sun today.
What you did… you may not have thought it through...
Or didn’t feel anything.
But Sun might not see it that way.
I’ll be honest.
I don’t want Sun to be just a game to you.
I’m done speaking. Please get some rest.
When is Sun meeting that photographer again?
Tomorrow.
So you’re free tomorrow, right?
The things you did…
you may not have thought it through... Or didn’t feel anything.
But Sun might not see it that way.
I’ll be honest.
I don’t want Sun to be just a game to you.
Here then.
But there’s nothing to eat in your fridge.
So I bought some for you.
In case you need something to drink when work gets tiring.
Take care of yourself, so your body doesn’t get any weaker.
You’re waiting downstairs already, right? I’m on my way down.
You really don’t have to come pick me up.
P’ Mooham is coming with me anyway.
I don’t want to trouble you for nothing.
My sister probably thinks I have nothing better to do
I just closed a major deal. I thought I’d finally get some rest.
At this point, I’m basically your secretary.
I guess she really doesn’t trust me.
That’s why she sent you to keep an eye on me like this.
At least she didn’t come in person like last time.
Who said she’s not coming?
I agree with you.
This is a great opportunity for Sun to gain recognition
as a versatile artist as well.
Um... Yes.
Right here.
Hello. P'Peach
I’m sorry, there are quite a lot of us.
That’s perfectly fine. Khun Mooham already informed me.
Please make yourself comfortable.
Khun Fey.
Khun Rafah.
Shall we get started?
Please take a look at the slides.
This project was done for Courage Gallery I worked for, in New York.
They’re currently looking for an Asian model.
Not just pretty, but someone who can express a narrative.
That’s why I think you’d be a great fit for this project.
So I put your name forward.
But you already have quite a reputation, don't you?
You could probably find a model or actress
who’s more established in the global market than she is.
So why did you choose her?
Because when I look through the lens…
What I see in Sun isn’t just her image or her reputation.
It’s her eyes , the kind that can tell a story without saying a word.
Even though I have connections…
I don’t put names forward unless the person is genuinely right for the project.
Thank you so much for believing in me.
In a way others never did.
I’d like to accept this project.
So, would you be free tomorrow?
The client would also like to do a fitting and block the shots on location.
I’d like you to come along so you can have a clearer idea of the project.
She has work scheduled tomorrow.
If Sun's not available, Fey can go instead.
Their sizes are quite similar,
except for the height.
Please take care of it, Fey.
Sun.
It’s already noon. Would you like to grab lunch together?
You too, Khun Mooham.
I’ll have to excuse myself.
I just got a call from the wardrobe shop asking me to pick up Sun’s outfit.
Maybe next time, Khun Peach.
What about you, Sun?
I hope you won’t turn me down a second time.
I’d be pretty crushed.
Sure thing.
I’m actually pretty hungry.
Right? Fey.
Yes?
Yes. we're pretty hungry.
Let's go.
Then let’s meet at the restaurant.
I’ll send you the location on LINE.
Maybe… don’t drive for a while.
Oh my!!
I’m sorry, I didn’t see the car coming.
I’ll call the insurance company right away.
I’m fine. It’s nothing. I can still drive.
We should hurry, or Sun will be waiting.
That’s not okay.
I was raised to believe that if you make a mistake, you take responsibility for it.
I have to call the insurance, no matter what.
Is it really necessary to share personal LINE contacts just for work?
I didn’t give it to her. She probably got my contact from P'Mooham.
Then I think I’ll need to speak with your personal manager.
That she shouldn’t be giving out your personal LINE contact so freely.
If this weren’t about work, I’d understand that you’re just worried about me.
Hey Fey, did you arrive already?
What!?
Okay. Okay.
Okay then, I’ll see you at the apartment.
Fey called and said she accidentally hit the back of P'Peach’s car.
They’re dealing with the insurance right now,
so they probably won’t be able to join us for lunch.
That’s odd.
She has never been in a car accident before.
Maybe she didn’t see it in time.
Well… how about I take you to grab something to eat and we eat at your place?
So you can get some rest too.
Okay.
If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have done this. It’ll ruin my perfect record.
What would you like to eat, Sun?
Whatever you’d like.
It really is you, Sun! May I take a photo with you?
Sure.
Let me hold it for you.
Excuse me, are you Rafah?
Yes?
I just watched the show you were a guest on last night.
As a powerful female CEO, you’re truly my idol.
Can I take a photo with you?
Sure thing.
May I..
Thank you so much.
Do you really think this will work?
I think we could just go back and order delivery at your place.
Who are you? Why are you wearing glasses and a hat?
I don’t recognize you at all.
Shall we go?
P'Flint.
What if someone takes a photo and it ends up in the news?
You can’t blame me.
Um… who are you? I don’t recognize you at all.
Let's go.
It looks like there’s something over there too.
Yes ma'am.
Please take care of Peach’s car.
Yes, Khun Paabfah.
If there’s anything else you’d like us to check, please let the staff know.
I’ll head off now.
Oh. wait a second.
Khun Fey, you broke my car.
So you expect me to drive back myself?
But you just said the car can still be driven. We can file a claim later.
Then go ahead and drive.
No. I’ve changed my mind.
Please inform the service center to arrange a tow truck.
Sure.
From today on.
You’ll have to pick me up and drop me off until my car is fixed.
That won’t be a problem, will it… my dear counterparty?
You really didn’t have to buy this much, P’Flint.
I saw that your fridge only has frozen food.
Eating like this too often isn’t good for your health.
I just don’t really have much time to cook.
By the time I get off work and go home, it’s already late.
That’s why P'Mooham bought some easy stuff and stocked it for me.
Let me give you a hand.
Here.
Fey messaged me
saying she’ll likely be late tonight or she might not come in.
If you’ve finished eating, you can head back first, P’Flint.
I think… I’ll stay and wait for Fey.
You said the same thing last time that you’d wait for Fey until morning.
But this time…
That excuse won’t work anymore.
Then… could I stay in you room tonight?
Are you still working, P’Flint?
Here, let me help.
When I have a lot of shoots and my eyes get really tired.
I’ll do it like this.
Please close your eyes, P’Flint.
Doing this will help you relax and ease the tension in your muscles.
How do you feel?
I’ve never done it, actually.
Then, this is okay for you, right?
When did you go back?
How come you never answer my calls, Sun?
Good morning, P’Mooham. What’s going on? You’re here so early.
Morning? It’s already past ten, Sun.
Don’t tell me you slept in because…
Hey! Sun, what happened to your neck? Why is it so red?
It’s that red?
I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to.
You mean… right here?
So… what brings you here so early, P’Mooham?
Last night, an anonymous account leaked photos of you with a man at a club.
I just found out this morning.
Because the channel contacted me about it.
So I had to come see you right away.
I didn’t expect that…
to face something even more shocking.
Yesterday, after we separated, I spent the entire day with P’Flint.
Then how could photos like that even come out?
Actually, it was more like the whole night.
Do you think you should speak to the media?
Just make it clear that the person in the photo is definitely not you.
We can say that you had work at the company until late.
I’ll have the legal team issue a letter to confirm it.
Confirming it won’t really change anything, Khun Rafah.
The account that posted it doesn’t confirm a clear timeline.
People could argue that the photos might not even be from yesterday.
So… what should we do now?
I’ll have someone look into it.
The IT team should be able to trace the source of the post.
I’d like to ask you to look after Sun especially today.
Because I don’t like people messing with what’s mine.
Okay.
I’ve got a flight for work today.
Be a good girl, okay?
Here.
Thank you so much, P'Mooham.
I think… you can still see some redness on the left side.
We might need to cover it up a bit more.
Here, let me help you.
I won’t ask what happened last night.
And I won’t stop you either, Sun.
Because I believe it was partly your choice too, Sun.
But Flint and I really didn’t cross any lines.
Sun.
I’ve been taking care of you since you were too shy to even look straight at the camera.
How could I not know how you feel, Sun?
But can I ask you something?
Don’t let your feelings move faster than what you can handle.
I’m saying this because I’m worried about you, Sun.
When we choose to love someone…
We should be sure they love us the same way.
Not just something we tell ourselves that we’re being loved.
Do you understand what I mean, right?
Thanks.
- Careful, it’s hot.
- Thank you.
So how much longer do I have to stay like this, Ms. Photographer?
I don’t have that much free time.
Until we get a usable shot.
Or you can wait until you get bored and just walk away.
But I’m not Sun… I’m only here as a replacement.
Just take enough shots to get the angles. You don’t have to be that detailed.
Because if I have to wait until you’re satisfied…
am I supposed to stand here posing all day?
It’s just that I’m not someone who does sloppy work.
And besides, even if you don’t take the shot…
You still won’t be able to go home anyway.
Because you have to wait for me to finish work and then take me home.
Have you forgotten already, my dear opponent?
Hey, you.
Thank you.
Hey, smile a bit. Don’t look so grumpy
or you won’t make it home tonight.
Come on, give me a pretty smile.
After finishing one set of shots,
we still have to wait almost an hour for the lights to be set up.
When is this ever going to be done?
Oh my god, P'Flint… Why does it always have to be me?
Ice-cream! Please, wait for me!
How much is it per cup?
25 baht.
How much for all of them?
2,000 baht.
Then I’ll take all of them.
Sure thing.
Have as much as you want. It’s on me.
Yayy!
Hurry up and eat it—it’s going to melt! Hurry, it’ll melt!
Didn’t you say we still had more shooting? Why are you packing up already?
I already got the shots I needed.
Didn’t you say yourself that it didn’t have to be too detailed?
Or if you want to keep shooting, we can.
No. If it works, it works.
I’ll go get changed.
And then you go around saying you don’t like doing sloppy work.
And who said it was sloppy?
Sun’s here.
Wow, you look gorgeous.
Thank you so much, P’Ae and everyone on the team, for being so kind to me.
With you being this adorable, how could we not adore you?
That's right.
P’Mooham, could you help take some photos and keep them for me, please?
Sure.
Please.
Take nice ones, okay?
Let’s take some photos.
Hey, guys. how can we take photos without the male lead?
Come here, Nop. Let’s take some photos.
Move a little closer, please.
Oh, sorry! Could we join you for a photo too, please?
May I join you for a photo?
Excuse me.
I just found out that the crew invited you two to the wrap-up party today.
I heard you were only supposed to shoot one scene, right?
Exactly. I really have to thank this crew for not being classist like some others.
They show respect to the actors, but look down on the extras.
Let’s take some photos so we can get to the party afterward.
Yes. let’s take some photos.
One. Two. Three.
That’s a wrap.
Sun, someone sent flowers to congratulate you.
Thanks a lot.
The flowers are so beautiful.
I wonder who sent these.
It’s nothing, really.
The company where I’m a brand ambassador sent them to congratulate me.
Let’s continue taking photos.
Oh! P’Mooham.
Time really flies. Before we knew it, we’d already finished shooting.
If I don’t have to come to set next week, I’m really going to miss you a lot, Sun.
I heard you has filming scheduled for Monday through Wednesday, right?
What’s there to miss?
Honestly, P’Mooham, whoever I’m acting with
The fans don’t ship it as much as when I act with Sun.
Otherwise, do you think we’d have won “Rising Ship of the Year”?
Is that really true?
P’Nop, about what happened that day…
I haven’t told the channel yet.
And I haven’t told anyone else either.
Because I don’t want you to get into trouble.
Thank you so much
Then how about we swap the thank-you for a drink with me instead?
Actually, she doesn't drink.
This glass is just for Sun to hold, for manners’ sake.
I’ll drink it for you. I’m good with alcohol.
P’Mooham, it’s only one drink.
It should be fine, right?
Isn’t that right, Sun?
Bangkok to Hong Kong is only about two hours, right?
Alright. Try to get here quickly, okay? Don’t bail.
We don’t get to have a full team meet-up like this very often.
Yeah, I know. I’m on my way. See you at the restaurant.
Thank you for the flowers and the card, my guardian.
You’re drinking too?
Sun.
Where are you going?
I need to step out for a moment.
So I wanted to ask you, P’Mooham, to let the crew know that I might have to leave early.
Are you rushing back to see Khun Rafah now, Sun?
I’ve warned you, Sun. I hope you’ll think carefully before making a decision.
It’s not like that. You know she’s not around. She's working in Hong Kong.
Fine then. At least Nop will finally stop hanging around you.
Then you should head back, Sun. I’ll let the crew know.
Thank you so much, P'Mooham.
This way, please.
Oh, Flint! I thought you weren’t coming.
How have you been lately?
Pretty busy. I just flew back from Hong Kong.
Excuse me.
We’ve been talking so long we ran out of things to say.
How could I not come? We don’t get to see each other that often.
Yeah, true.
Alright, cheers. It’s such a struggle to get you on the schedule, Khun Rafah.
Right? Your schedule’s so packed, I thought you were a top celebrity.
You guys are exaggerating.
As if you guys are free. I see you flying around all the time.
Hey, it’s not like you’re the only one running a business.
Come on, cheers!
Hey, Flint, aren’t you going in?
I’ll be right back.
Excuse me, could you move aside, please?
I thought you said you were going to the wrap party.
Then why are you out here dancing and teasing other guys?
Hey, what are you talking about? If you’re drunk, just go home and sleep.
Let go of me. Now.
Come home with me. Now.
Damn it.
If you’re sick, tell your family to get you checked.
Not come out here and harass everyone like this.
Let go.
You’re the one. If you’re drunk, stop rambling.
And you’re coming home with me. Now.
The moment alcohol hits your lips,
where does that ‘good girl’ image you try so hard to keep go?
Just look at yourself right now.
I was gone for less than a day, and you were already so pent-up
you had to go out and flirt with other guys?
This slap is for your filthy mouth.
A filthy mouth?
Next time, keep your disgusting behavior to yourself.
No matter how rich you are, or how good-looking you think you are
Not every woman is going to put up with you.
P'Flint, you’re back already?
Is this how you behave when I’m not around?
Me...? What did I do, P'Flint?
What did you do?
Please let me go, P'Flint.
Please let me go.
P'Flint, what’s wrong? Why are you doing this?
Don’t pretend like you’ve never done this before.
But when you go out at night and end up going up to some guy’s condo
You have no shame at all.
Why?
Or is it different when you do it with other people?
Fine.
Then I'll do it.
P'Flint!
If that’s what it takes for you to trust me, then go ahead.
Why didn’t you answer the phone?
What are you doing?
Dear, dairy.
P'Flint dropped me off at the airport today.
I never thought she’d come.
The airport was crowded and so noisy.
But no matter what, P'Flint always stands out in my heart.
‘Study hard,’
just a simple sentence yet I remember it so clearly.
If you’re so sure that I’m the one at fault,
then what do you still want from me?
About those leaked photos of the two of you going up to the condo
and the ones in the news… what’s really going on? Could you tell me?
But everything I did… it was because I was worried about you, Sun.
Let's go home.
In what way are you worried about me?
Sun, can you listen to me first?
(Even if you’ve never seen me, there’s never been a day when I didn’t see you.)
- Some types of sasaeng fans just want attention from the artists.
They don’t care whether that attention is right or wrong.
Then what should we do, P’Flint?
Sun Atita.